Reading a Skew-T:
Treating this like a regular graph, the further right you go along the bottom (x-axis) the warmer you get with temperature. This is measured in Celcius.
The further up you go on the graph (Y-axis) the higher up in the atmosphere you get. (here, the height is denoted by the red lettering, measured in Kilometres)

The bars to the left and the right of the Y-axis... The longer the red bars, the more "contamination" the sounding has [what is this contamination?] and potentially unusable the sounding is.
This one has very little contamination, and is therefore generally reliable. I have no idea what the blue bars mean.
The "SFC" noted on the bottom is the surface height, measured Above Mean Sea Level (AMSL).
White lines with numbers next to them, are the "millibar" levels of the atmosphere.
The red line (rightmost solid) is the air temperature, and the green (leftmost solid) line is the dewpoint.


Things I do not know what they mean:
On the background, the curved lines radiating from the bottom left corner.
Also on the background, the diagonal dashed lines.
The *blue* lines on the leftmost side.
The highlighted teal thing.
The diagonal dashed blue lines.
The solid teal line.
The diagonal-ish numbered green lines towards the bottom right.
And finally, inferred temperature.

-------


LCL - Lifted Condensation Level
LFC - Leven of Free Convection
The Parcel is a theoretical bubble of warm air that is lifted through the atmosphere and any change in temperature is measured. (Oversimplification, but it's enough for now)
- Vertical shear is the wind *speed* changing with height.
- Horizontal shear is the wind *direction* changing with height. 
 -STP, is "Significant Tornado Parameter" It's a "composite" (or combination) of multiple values. Higher it is, the more possibility there is for significant (EF2+) tornadoes. 
	This number is meant to highlight the co-existence of ingredients supercells capable of producing EF2+ tornadoes. 
- SARS is Sounding Analog Retrieval System, it compared the current or forecast soundings to a database of historical soundings and returns any matches with the date, location and any severe weather reports then.
- The hodograph is a more visual representation of the Skew-T Chart. 
- CAPE, Is Convective Available Potential Energy, a measure of instability in the atmosphere, or simply "storm fuel".
- Storm Slinky shows only the wind direction changing. 

Other notes on this section: 
CAPE, horizontal and vertical shear are needed for tornadoes. You can have lots of CAPE, but if there's no (or very weak) shear, nothing may happen. 
I made a saying "Oodles of CAPE does not an outbreak make" Generally, values between 3,000 and 5,000 (the measurement is Joules per Kilogram, J/Kg) is perfect for supercells,
or tornado produsing storms. Any higher and the storms tend to go linear (squall line, or they congeal into a mess). The amound of CAPE is calculated by finding the area
under the parcel line and above the red temperature line. (shaded in solid pink) 

On the vertical shear, the longer the lines the faster the wind. On horizontal, the direction of the flag indicates the direction of the wind. 
If the directions are rotating (note the curve in the storm slinky and hodograph)
The three question marks, I know what they are, but not what role they play/what they mean.

Regarding the storm slinky and hodograph, what you *don't* want to see is a curve resembling the backwards upper half of a question mark.
What this means is that there is rotation and shear in the atmosphere already. Tornadoes like this. A lot.
--------------

Precipitable water is just how much water is in the atmosphere. 
CAPE is CAPE.
CINH, is convective inhibition, or "cap" if there's a lot, there's a layer of warm air trapping the instability. Warm air can't rise into warm air.
LCL is Lifted Condensation Level, the lower it is the lower the cloud base is to the ground and the easier it is for tornadoes to form.
LI is Lifted Index, the lower (more negative) it is the more unstable the atmosphere is.
LCL is Level of Free Convection, where the parcel of air becomes warmer than its surroundings and starts to rise. This is the bottom of the area of CAPE.
EL is Equilibrium Level where the parcel temperature equals the surrounding air temperature, and is the top of the CAPE-containing layer.


Possible Hazard - Ignore this, it's not that useful.
Theta-E




Both humidities are..well, humidity. Moisture in the atmosphere. 
Significant Severe, the higher it is the more severe the storms can be...That's all I know about it.
Lapse Rates show how temperature changes with height.
Supercell Composite Parameter simply shows how favourable the environment is for supercells and tornado producing storms.
Significant hail just shows the possibility of severe hail.

Enhanced Helicity Index, Storm Relative Helicity and Shear...All I understand is the higher they are the more energy and wind there is for storms.
